.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug/issue report
about: Report an issue to help us improve
title: ''
labels: 'kind/bug'
assignees: ''
---
**Description**
A brief description of the issue.

**Expected Behavior**
A brief description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
Add screenshots, if applicable, to help explain your problem.

**Enviroment:**
 - OS: [e.g. Ubuntu]
 - Browser: [e.g. Chrome, Safari]
 - Version: [e.g. 22]
 - Device: [e.g. laptop, iPhone 8]

---
[Optional] **To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

[Optional] **Additional Context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

#### Contributor [Guides](https://docs.meshery.io/project/contributing) and Resources
- 📝 [Meshery Adapters Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rGGpSXC68iDJzNRU-qZIRQsZUwkt1qLFg7JCs4pfvbU/edit?usp=sharing)
- 🛠 [Meshery Build & Release Strategy](https://docs.meshery.io/project/build-and-release)
- 📚 [Instructions for contributing to documentation](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#documentation-contribution-flow)
   - Meshery documentation [site](https://docs.meshery.io/) and [source](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/tree/master/docs)
- 🎨 Wireframes and designs for Meshery UI in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/SMP3zxOjZztdOLtgN4dS2W/Meshery-UI)
- 🙋🏾🙋🏼 Questions: [Layer5 Discussion Forum](https://discuss.layer5.io) and [Layer5 Community Slack](http://slack.layer5.io)

Commit message:

docs: issue Template Updates for Figma link issue #394

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug/issue report
about: Report an issue to help us improve
title: ''
labels: 'kind/bug'
assignees: ''
---
**Description**
A brief description of the issue.

**Expected Behavior**
A brief description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
Add screenshots, if applicable, to help explain your problem.

**Enviroment:**
 - OS: [e.g. Ubuntu]
 - Browser: [e.g. Chrome, Safari]
 - Version: [e.g. 22]
 - Device: [e.g. laptop, iPhone 8]

---
[Optional] **To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

[Optional] **Additional Context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

- 🎨 Wireframes and [designs for Meshery UI](https://www.figma.com/file/SMP3zxOjZztdOLtgN4dS2W/Meshery-UI) in Figma [(open invite)](https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/qJy1c95qirjgWQODApilR9)```

#### Acceptance Tests
1. All references to Figma include the "open invite" link.


#### Contributor [Guides](https://docs.meshery.io/project/contributing) and Resources
- 📝 [Meshery Adapters Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rGGpSXC68iDJzNRU-qZIRQsZUwkt1qLFg7JCs4pfvbU/edit?usp=sharing)
- 🛠 [Meshery Build & Release Strategy](https://docs.meshery.io/project/build-and-release)
- 📚 [Instructions for contributing to documentation](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#documentation-contribution-flow)
   - Meshery documentation [site](https://docs.meshery.io/) and [source](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/tree/master/docs)
- 🎨 Wireframes and designs for Meshery UI in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/SMP3zxOjZztdOLtgN4dS2W/Meshery-UI)
- 🙋🏾🙋🏼 Questions: [Layer5 Discussion Forum](https://discuss.layer5.io) and [Layer5 Community Slack](http://slack.layer5.io)
