.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, before:

---
name: 💡 General Feature Request
about: Suggest an enhancement to Meshery.
title: ''
labels: 'kind/enhancement'
assignees: ''
---
#### Current Behavior
<!-- A brief description of what the problem is. (e.g. I need to be able to...) -->

#### Desired Behavior
<!-- A brief description of the enhancement. -->

#### Implementation
<!-- [Optional] Specifics on the approach to fulfilling the feature request. -->

#### Acceptance Tests
<!-- [Optional] Stipulations of functional behavior or non-functional items that must be in-place in order for the issue to be closed. -->

#### Mockups
<!-- [Optional] Any visual diagrams of the desired user interface. -->

---
#### Contributor [Guides](https://docs.meshery.io/project/contributing) and Resources
- 📝 [Meshery Adapters Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rGGpSXC68iDJzNRU-qZIRQsZUwkt1qLFg7JCs4pfvbU/edit?usp=sharing)
- 🛠 [Meshery Build & Release Strategy](https://docs.meshery.io/project/build-and-release)
- 📚 [Instructions for contributing to documentation](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#documentation-contribution-flow)
   - Meshery documentation [site](https://docs.meshery.io/) and [source](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/tree/master/docs)
- 🎨 Wireframes and designs for Meshery UI in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/SMP3zxOjZztdOLtgN4dS2W/Meshery-UI)
- 🙋🏾🙋🏼 Questions: [Layer5 Discussion Forum](https://discuss.layer5.io) and [Layer5 Community Slack](http://slack.layer5.io)

Commit message:

docs: issue Template Updates for Figma link issue #394
Signed-off-by: Aryan Singh <114330931+aryanas159@users.noreply.github.com>

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, after:

---
name: 💡 General Feature Request
about: Suggest an enhancement to Meshery.
title: ''
labels: 'kind/enhancement'
assignees: ''
---
#### Current Behavior
<!-- A brief description of what the problem is. (e.g. I need to be able to...) -->

#### Desired Behavior
<!-- A brief description of the enhancement. -->

#### Implementation
<!-- [Optional] Specifics on the approach to fulfilling the feature request. -->

#### Acceptance Tests
<!-- [Optional] Stipulations of functional behavior or non-functional items that must be in-place in order for the issue to be closed. -->

#### Mockups
<!-- [Optional] Any visual diagrams of the desired user interface. -->

---
- 🎨 Wireframes and [designs for Meshery UI](https://www.figma.com/file/SMP3zxOjZztdOLtgN4dS2W/Meshery-UI) in Figma [(open invite)](https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/qJy1c95qirjgWQODApilR9)```

#### Acceptance Tests
1. All references to Figma include the "open invite" link.


#### Contributor [Guides](https://docs.meshery.io/project/contributing) and Resources
- 📝 [Meshery Adapters Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rGGpSXC68iDJzNRU-qZIRQsZUwkt1qLFg7JCs4pfvbU/edit?usp=sharing)
- 🛠 [Meshery Build & Release Strategy](https://docs.meshery.io/project/build-and-release)
- 📚 [Instructions for contributing to documentation](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#documentation-contribution-flow)
   - Meshery documentation [site](https://docs.meshery.io/) and [source](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/tree/master/docs)
- 🎨 Wireframes and designs for Meshery UI in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/SMP3zxOjZztdOLtgN4dS2W/Meshery-UI)
- 🙋🏾🙋🏼 Questions: [Layer5 Discussion Forum](https://discuss.layer5.io) and [Layer5 Community Slack](http://slack.layer5.io)
